The first thing I look for is what is their level of knowledge? Can I
give them a main inside them and then come back in 20 minutes and then
it's complete? Um, that's kind of hard toe grass with the initial
meeting. That's something that you kind of develop over the first couple
of weeks. Third couple weeks. Um, the way that they communicate
with you is the second is the second piece. Do they go off, do the
main inside them, and then you don't see them for the rest of the day?
Do they go off and then come back and update you every now and then?
Uh, do they also say like, Hey, please give me another roll. Please
give me a more intense role. Or are they saying, hey, you know
what? Like, um, I just wanna stay over here in the corner. What's the
least amount of work that I could do for this eight hour long day?
Uh, if he assigns me the pump, I can go do the pump, and then at the
end of the day, then if it's done, then I'm good there. Other people
that say, Hey, you know, I finished the pump. You know, before lunch.
Is there anything that you need after lunch? So the people that
come to me with, you know, like additional responsibility requests
Those are the ones that I I tryto, um, interact with the most.